# 18.A. 应用程序属性

## 

```
debug                                                                     false
info.*                                                                    
logging.charset.console                                                   
logging.charset.file                                                      
logging.config                                                            
logging.exception-conversion-word                                         %wEx
logging.file.name                                                         
logging.file.path                                                         
logging.group.*                                                           
logging.level.*                                                           
logging.log4j2.config.override                                            
logging.logback.rollingpolicy.clean-history-on-start                      false
logging.logback.rollingpolicy.file-name-pattern                           ${LOG_FILE}.%d{yyyy-MM-dd}.%i.gz
logging.logback.rollingpolicy.max-file-size                               10MB
logging.logback.rollingpolicy.max-history                                 7
logging.logback.rollingpolicy.total-size-cap                              0B
logging.pattern.console                                                   %clr(%d{${LOG_DATEFORMAT_PATTERN:-yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss.SSS}}){faint} %clr(${LOG_LEVEL_PATTERN:-%5p}) %clr(${PID:- }){magenta} %clr(---){faint} %clr([%15.15t]){faint} %clr(%-40.40logger{39}){cyan} %clr(:){faint} %m%n${LOG_EXCEPTION_CONVERSION_WORD:-%wEx}
logging.pattern.dateformat                                                yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss.SSS
logging.pattern.file                                                      %d{${LOG_DATEFORMAT_PATTERN:-yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss.SSS}} ${LOG_LEVEL_PATTERN:-%5p} ${PID:- } --- [%t] %-40.40logger{39} : %m%n${LOG_EXCEPTION_CONVERSION_WORD:-%wEx}
logging.pattern.level                                                     %5p
logging.register-shutdown-hook                                            true
spring.aop.auto                                                           true
spring.aop.proxy-target-class                                             true
spring.application.admin.enabled                                          false
spring.application.admin.jmx-name                                         org.springframework.boot:type=Admin,name=SpringApplication
spring.application.name                                                   
spring.autoconfigure.exclude                                              
spring.banner.charset                                                     UTF-8
spring.banner.image.bitdepth                                              4
spring.banner.image.height                                                
spring.banner.image.invert                                                false
spring.banner.image.location                                              classpath:banner.gif
spring.banner.image.margin                                                2
spring.banner.image.pixelmode                                             TEXT
spring.banner.image.width                                                 76
spring.banner.location                                                    classpath:banner.txt
spring.beaninfo.ignore                                                    true
spring.codec.log-request-details                                          false
spring.codec.max-in-memory-size                                           
spring.config.activate.on-cloud-platform                                  
spring.config.activate.on-profile                                         
spring.config.additional-location                                         
spring.config.import                                                      
spring.config.location                                                    
spring.config.name                                                        application
spring.config.use-legacy-processing                                       false
spring.info.build.encoding                                                UTF-8
spring.info.build.location                                                classpath:META-INF/build-info.properties
spring.info.git.encoding                                                  UTF-8
spring.info.git.location                                                  classpath:git.properties
spring.jmx.default-domain                                                 
spring.jmx.enabled                                                        false
spring.jmx.server                                                         mbeanServer
spring.jmx.unique-names                                                   false
spring.lifecycle.timeout-per-shutdown-phase                               30s
spring.main.allow-bean-definition-overriding                              false
spring.main.allow-circular-references                                     false
spring.main.banner-mode                                                   console
spring.main.cloud-platform                                                
spring.main.lazy-initialization                                           false
spring.main.log-startup-info                                              true
spring.main.register-shutdown-hook                                        true
spring.main.sources                                                       
spring.main.web-application-type                                          
spring.mandatory-file-encoding                                            
spring.messages.always-use-message-format                                 false
spring.messages.basename                                                  messages
spring.messages.cache-duration                                            
spring.messages.encoding                                                  UTF-8
spring.messages.fallback-to-system-locale                                 true
spring.messages.use-code-as-default-message                               false
spring.output.ansi.enabled                                                detect
spring.pid.fail-on-write-error                                            
spring.pid.file                                                           
spring.profiles.active                                                    
spring.profiles.default                                                   default
spring.profiles.group.*                                                   
spring.profiles.include                                                   
spring.quartz.auto-startup                                                true
spring.quartz.jdbc.comment-prefix                                         [#, --]
spring.quartz.jdbc.initialize-schema                                      embedded
spring.quartz.jdbc.platform                                               
spring.quartz.jdbc.schema                                                 classpath:org/quartz/impl/jdbcjobstore/tables_@@platform@@.sql
spring.quartz.job-store-type                                              memory
spring.quartz.overwrite-existing-jobs                                     false
spring.quartz.properties.*                                                
spring.quartz.scheduler-name                                              quartzScheduler
spring.quartz.startup-delay                                               0s
spring.quartz.wait-for-jobs-to-complete-on-shutdown                       false
spring.reactor.debug-agent.enabled                                        true
spring.task.execution.pool.allow-core-thread-timeout                      true
spring.task.execution.pool.core-size                                      8
spring.task.execution.pool.keep-alive                                     60s
spring.task.execution.pool.max-size                                       
spring.task.execution.pool.queue-capacity                                 
spring.task.execution.shutdown.await-termination                          false
spring.task.execution.shutdown.await-termination-period                   
spring.task.execution.thread-name-prefix                                  task-
spring.task.scheduling.pool.size                                          1
spring.task.scheduling.shutdown.await-termination                         false
spring.task.scheduling.shutdown.await-termination-period                  
spring.task.scheduling.thread-name-prefix                                 scheduling-
trace                                                                     false
```

## 

```
spring.cache.cache-names                                                  
spring.cache.caffeine.spec                                                
spring.cache.couchbase.expiration                                         
spring.cache.ehcache.config                                               
spring.cache.infinispan.config                                            
spring.cache.jcache.config                                                
spring.cache.jcache.provider                                              
spring.cache.redis.cache-null-values                                      true
spring.cache.redis.enable-statistics                                      false
spring.cache.redis.key-prefix                                             
spring.cache.redis.time-to-live                                           
spring.cache.redis.use-key-prefix                                         true
spring.cache.type                                                         
```

## 

```
spring.mail.default-encoding                                              UTF-8
spring.mail.host                                                          
spring.mail.jndi-name                                                     
spring.mail.password                                                      
spring.mail.port                                                          
spring.mail.properties.*                                                  
spring.mail.protocol                                                      smtp
spring.mail.test-connection                                               false
spring.mail.username                                                      
spring.sendgrid.api-key                                                   
spring.sendgrid.proxy.host                                                
spring.sendgrid.proxy.port                                                
```

## 

```
spring.gson.date-format                                                   
spring.gson.disable-html-escaping                                         
spring.gson.disable-inner-class-serialization                             
spring.gson.enable-complex-map-key-serialization                          
spring.gson.exclude-fields-without-expose-annotation                      
spring.gson.field-naming-policy                                           
spring.gson.generate-non-executable-json                                  
spring.gson.lenient                                                       
spring.gson.long-serialization-policy                                     
spring.gson.pretty-printing                                               
spring.gson.serialize-nulls                                               
spring.jackson.constructor-detector                                       default
spring.jackson.date-format                                                
spring.jackson.default-leniency                                           
spring.jackson.default-property-inclusion                                 
spring.jackson.deserialization.*                                          
spring.jackson.generator.*                                                
spring.jackson.locale                                                     
spring.jackson.mapper.*                                                   
spring.jackson.parser.*                                                   
spring.jackson.property-naming-strategy                                   
spring.jackson.serialization.*                                            
spring.jackson.time-zone                                                  
spring.jackson.visibility.*                                               
```

## 

```
spring.couchbase.connection-string                                        
spring.couchbase.env.io.idle-http-connection-timeout                      4500ms
spring.couchbase.env.io.max-endpoints                                     12
spring.couchbase.env.io.min-endpoints                                     1
spring.couchbase.env.ssl.enabled                                          
spring.couchbase.env.ssl.key-store                                        
spring.couchbase.env.ssl.key-store-password                               
spring.couchbase.env.timeouts.analytics                                   75s
spring.couchbase.env.timeouts.connect                                     10s
spring.couchbase.env.timeouts.disconnect                                  10s
spring.couchbase.env.timeouts.key-value                                   2500ms
spring.couchbase.env.timeouts.key-value-durable                           10s
spring.couchbase.env.timeouts.management                                  75s
spring.couchbase.env.timeouts.query                                       75s
spring.couchbase.env.timeouts.search                                      75s
spring.couchbase.env.timeouts.view                                        75s
spring.couchbase.password                                                 
spring.couchbase.username                                                 
spring.dao.exceptiontranslation.enabled                                   true
spring.data.cassandra.compression                                         none
spring.data.cassandra.config                                              
spring.data.cassandra.connection.connect-timeout                          5s
spring.data.cassandra.connection.init-query-timeout                       5s
spring.data.cassandra.contact-points                                      [127.0.0.1:9042]
spring.data.cassandra.controlconnection.timeout                           5s
spring.data.cassandra.keyspace-name                                       
spring.data.cassandra.local-datacenter                                    
spring.data.cassandra.password                                            
spring.data.cassandra.pool.heartbeat-interval                             30s
spring.data.cassandra.pool.idle-timeout                                   5s
spring.data.cassandra.port                                                9042
spring.data.cassandra.repositories.type                                   auto
spring.data.cassandra.request.consistency                                 
spring.data.cassandra.request.page-size                                   5000
spring.data.cassandra.request.serial-consistency                          
spring.data.cassandra.request.throttler.drain-interval                    
spring.data.cassandra.request.throttler.max-concurrent-requests           0
spring.data.cassandra.request.throttler.max-queue-size                    0
spring.data.cassandra.request.throttler.max-requests-per-second           0
spring.data.cassandra.request.throttler.type                              none
spring.data.cassandra.request.timeout                                     2s
spring.data.cassandra.schema-action                                       none
spring.data.cassandra.session-name                                        
spring.data.cassandra.ssl                                                 false
spring.data.cassandra.username                                            
spring.data.couchbase.auto-index                                          false
spring.data.couchbase.bucket-name                                         
spring.data.couchbase.field-naming-strategy                               
spring.data.couchbase.repositories.type                                   auto
spring.data.couchbase.scope-name                                          
spring.data.couchbase.type-key                                            _class
spring.data.elasticsearch.repositories.enabled                            true
spring.data.jdbc.repositories.enabled                                     true
spring.data.jpa.repositories.bootstrap-mode                               default
spring.data.jpa.repositories.enabled                                      true
spring.data.ldap.repositories.enabled                                     true
spring.data.mongodb.authentication-database                               
spring.data.mongodb.auto-index-creation                                   
spring.data.mongodb.database                                              
spring.data.mongodb.field-naming-strategy                                 
spring.data.mongodb.gridfs.bucket                                         
spring.data.mongodb.gridfs.database                                       
spring.data.mongodb.host                                                  
spring.data.mongodb.password                                              
spring.data.mongodb.port                                                  
spring.data.mongodb.replica-set-name                                      
spring.data.mongodb.repositories.type                                     auto
spring.data.mongodb.uri                                                   mongodb://localhost/test
spring.data.mongodb.username                                              
spring.data.mongodb.uuid-representation                                   java-legacy
spring.data.neo4j.database                                                
spring.data.neo4j.repositories.type                                       auto
spring.data.r2dbc.repositories.enabled                                    true
spring.data.redis.repositories.enabled                                    true
spring.data.rest.base-path                                                
spring.data.rest.default-media-type                                       
spring.data.rest.default-page-size                                        
spring.data.rest.detection-strategy                                       default
spring.data.rest.enable-enum-translation                                  
spring.data.rest.limit-param-name                                         
spring.data.rest.max-page-size                                            
spring.data.rest.page-param-name                                          
spring.data.rest.return-body-on-create                                    
spring.data.rest.return-body-on-update                                    
spring.data.rest.sort-param-name                                          
spring.data.solr.host                                                     http://127.0.0.1:8983/solr
spring.data.solr.zk-host                                                  
spring.data.web.pageable.default-page-size                                20
spring.data.web.pageable.max-page-size                                    2000
spring.data.web.pageable.one-indexed-parameters                           false
spring.data.web.pageable.page-parameter                                   page
spring.data.web.pageable.prefix                                           
spring.data.web.pageable.qualifier-delimiter                              _
spring.data.web.pageable.size-parameter                                   size
spring.data.web.sort.sort-parameter                                       sort
spring.datasource.dbcp2.abandoned-usage-tracking                          
spring.datasource.driver-class-name                                       
spring.datasource.embedded-database-connection                            
spring.datasource.generate-unique-name                                    true
spring.datasource.hikari.allow-pool-suspension                            
spring.datasource.jndi-name                                               
spring.datasource.name                                                    
spring.datasource.oracleucp.abandoned-connection-timeout                  
spring.datasource.password                                                
spring.datasource.tomcat.abandon-when-percentage-full                     
spring.datasource.type                                                    
spring.datasource.url                                                     
spring.datasource.username                                                
spring.datasource.xa.data-source-class-name                               
spring.datasource.xa.properties.*                                         
spring.elasticsearch.connection-timeout                                   1s
spring.elasticsearch.password                                             
spring.elasticsearch.path-prefix                                          
spring.elasticsearch.restclient.sniffer.delay-after-failure               1m
spring.elasticsearch.restclient.sniffer.interval                          5m
spring.elasticsearch.socket-timeout                                       30s
spring.elasticsearch.uris                                                 [http://localhost:9200]
spring.elasticsearch.username                                             
spring.elasticsearch.webclient.max-in-memory-size                         
spring.h2.console.enabled                                                 false
spring.h2.console.path                                                    /h2-console
spring.h2.console.settings.trace                                          false
spring.h2.console.settings.web-admin-password                             
spring.h2.console.settings.web-allow-others                               false
spring.influx.password                                                    
spring.influx.url                                                         
spring.influx.user                                                        
spring.jdbc.template.fetch-size                                           -1
spring.jdbc.template.max-rows                                             -1
spring.jdbc.template.query-timeout                                        
spring.jooq.sql-dialect                                                   
spring.jpa.database                                                       
spring.jpa.database-platform                                              
spring.jpa.defer-datasource-initialization                                false
spring.jpa.generate-ddl                                                   false
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto                                             
spring.jpa.hibernate.naming.implicit-strategy                             
spring.jpa.hibernate.naming.physical-strategy                             
spring.jpa.hibernate.use-new-id-generator-mappings                        
spring.jpa.mapping-resources                                              
spring.jpa.open-in-view                                                   true
spring.jpa.properties.*                                                   
spring.jpa.show-sql                                                       false
spring.ldap.anonymous-read-only                                           
spring.ldap.base                                                          
spring.ldap.base-environment.*                                            
spring.ldap.embedded.base-dn                                              
spring.ldap.embedded.credential.password                                  
spring.ldap.embedded.credential.username                                  
spring.ldap.embedded.ldif                                                 classpath:schema.ldif
spring.ldap.embedded.port                                                 0
spring.ldap.embedded.validation.enabled                                   true
spring.ldap.embedded.validation.schema                                    
spring.ldap.password                                                      
spring.ldap.template.ignore-name-not-found-exception                      false
spring.ldap.template.ignore-partial-result-exception                      false
spring.ldap.template.ignore-size-limit-exceeded-exception                 true
spring.ldap.urls                                                          
spring.ldap.username                                                      
spring.mongodb.embedded.storage.database-dir                              
spring.mongodb.embedded.storage.oplog-size                                
spring.mongodb.embedded.storage.repl-set-name                             
spring.mongodb.embedded.version                                           
spring.neo4j.authentication.kerberos-ticket                               
spring.neo4j.authentication.password                                      
spring.neo4j.authentication.realm                                         
spring.neo4j.authentication.username                                      
spring.neo4j.connection-timeout                                           30s
spring.neo4j.max-transaction-retry-time                                   30s
spring.neo4j.pool.connection-acquisition-timeout                          60s
spring.neo4j.pool.idle-time-before-connection-test                        
spring.neo4j.pool.log-leaked-sessions                                     false
spring.neo4j.pool.max-connection-lifetime                                 1h
spring.neo4j.pool.max-connection-pool-size                                100
spring.neo4j.pool.metrics-enabled                                         false
spring.neo4j.security.cert-file                                           
spring.neo4j.security.encrypted                                           false
spring.neo4j.security.hostname-verification-enabled                       true
spring.neo4j.security.trust-strategy                                      trust-system-ca-signed-certificates
spring.neo4j.uri                                                          bolt://localhost:7687
spring.r2dbc.generate-unique-name                                         false
spring.r2dbc.name                                                         
spring.r2dbc.password                                                     
spring.r2dbc.pool.enabled                                                 true
spring.r2dbc.pool.initial-size                                            10
spring.r2dbc.pool.max-acquire-time                                        
spring.r2dbc.pool.max-create-connection-time                              
spring.r2dbc.pool.max-idle-time                                           30m
spring.r2dbc.pool.max-life-time                                           
spring.r2dbc.pool.max-size                                                10
spring.r2dbc.pool.validation-depth                                        local
spring.r2dbc.pool.validation-query                                        
spring.r2dbc.properties.*                                                 
spring.r2dbc.url                                                          
spring.r2dbc.username                                                     
spring.redis.client-name                                                  
spring.redis.client-type                                                  
spring.redis.cluster.max-redirects                                        
spring.redis.cluster.nodes                                                
spring.redis.connect-timeout                                              
spring.redis.database                                                     0
spring.redis.host                                                         localhost
spring.redis.jedis.pool.enabled                                           
spring.redis.jedis.pool.max-active                                        8
spring.redis.jedis.pool.max-idle                                          8
spring.redis.jedis.pool.max-wait                                          -1ms
spring.redis.jedis.pool.min-idle                                          0
spring.redis.jedis.pool.time-between-eviction-runs                        
spring.redis.lettuce.cluster.refresh.adaptive                             false
spring.redis.lettuce.cluster.refresh.dynamic-refresh-sources              true
spring.redis.lettuce.cluster.refresh.period                               
spring.redis.lettuce.pool.enabled                                         
spring.redis.lettuce.pool.max-active                                      8
spring.redis.lettuce.pool.max-idle                                        8
spring.redis.lettuce.pool.max-wait                                        -1ms
spring.redis.lettuce.pool.min-idle                                        0
spring.redis.lettuce.pool.time-between-eviction-runs                      
spring.redis.lettuce.shutdown-timeout                                     100ms
spring.redis.password                                                     
spring.redis.port                                                         6379
spring.redis.sentinel.master                                              
spring.redis.sentinel.nodes                                               
spring.redis.sentinel.password                                            
spring.redis.sentinel.username                                            
spring.redis.ssl                                                          false
spring.redis.timeout                                                      
spring.redis.url                                                          
spring.redis.username                                                     
```

## 

```
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.borrow-connection-timeout           30
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.ignore-session-transacted-flag      true
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.local-transaction-mode              false
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.maintenance-interval                60
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.max-idle-time                       60
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.max-lifetime                        0
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.max-pool-size                       1
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.min-pool-size                       1
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.reap-timeout                        0
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.unique-resource-name                jmsConnectionFactory
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.xa-connection-factory-class-name    
spring.jta.atomikos.connectionfactory.xa-properties                       
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.borrow-connection-timeout                  30
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.concurrent-connection-validation           true
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.default-isolation-level                    
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.login-timeout                              0
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.maintenance-interval                       60
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.max-idle-time                              60
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.max-lifetime                               0
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.max-pool-size                              1
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.min-pool-size                              1
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.reap-timeout                               0
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.test-query                                 
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.unique-resource-name                       dataSource
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.xa-data-source-class-name                  
spring.jta.atomikos.datasource.xa-properties                              
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.allow-sub-transactions                     true
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.checkpoint-interval                        500
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.default-jta-timeout                        10000ms
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.default-max-wait-time-on-shutdown          
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.enable-logging                             true
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.force-shutdown-on-vm-exit                  false
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.log-base-dir                               
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.log-base-name                              tmlog
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.max-actives                                50
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.max-timeout                                300000ms
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.recovery.delay                             10000ms
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.recovery.forget-orphaned-log-entries-delay 86400000ms
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.recovery.max-retries                       5
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.recovery.retry-interval                    10000ms
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.serial-jta-transactions                    true
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.service                                    
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.threaded-two-phase-commit                  false
spring.jta.atomikos.properties.transaction-manager-unique-name            
spring.jta.enabled                                                        true
spring.jta.log-dir                                                        
spring.jta.transaction-manager-id                                         
spring.transaction.default-timeout                                        
spring.transaction.rollback-on-commit-failure                             
```

## 

```
spring.flyway.baseline-description                                        &lt;&lt; Flyway Baseline &gt;&gt;
spring.flyway.baseline-migration-prefix                                   B
spring.flyway.baseline-on-migrate                                         false
spring.flyway.baseline-version                                            1
spring.flyway.batch                                                       
spring.flyway.cherry-pick                                                 
spring.flyway.clean-disabled                                              false
spring.flyway.clean-on-validation-error                                   false
spring.flyway.connect-retries                                             0
spring.flyway.connect-retries-interval                                    120
spring.flyway.create-schemas                                              true
spring.flyway.default-schema                                              
spring.flyway.detect-encoding                                             
spring.flyway.driver-class-name                                           
spring.flyway.enabled                                                     true
spring.flyway.encoding                                                    UTF-8
spring.flyway.error-overrides                                             
spring.flyway.fail-on-missing-locations                                   false
spring.flyway.group                                                       false
spring.flyway.ignore-migration-patterns                                   
spring.flyway.init-sqls                                                   
spring.flyway.installed-by                                                
spring.flyway.jdbc-properties.*                                           
spring.flyway.kerberos-config-file                                        
spring.flyway.license-key                                                 
spring.flyway.locations                                                   [classpath:db/migration]
spring.flyway.lock-retry-count                                            50
spring.flyway.mixed                                                       false
spring.flyway.oracle-kerberos-cache-file                                  
spring.flyway.oracle-sqlplus                                              
spring.flyway.oracle-sqlplus-warn                                         
spring.flyway.oracle-wallet-location                                      
spring.flyway.out-of-order                                                false
spring.flyway.output-query-results                                        
spring.flyway.password                                                    
spring.flyway.placeholder-prefix                                          ${
spring.flyway.placeholder-replacement                                     true
spring.flyway.placeholder-separator                                       :
spring.flyway.placeholder-suffix                                          }
spring.flyway.placeholders.*                                              
spring.flyway.repeatable-sql-migration-prefix                             R
spring.flyway.schemas                                                     
spring.flyway.script-placeholder-prefix                                   FP__
spring.flyway.script-placeholder-suffix                                   __
spring.flyway.skip-default-callbacks                                      false
spring.flyway.skip-default-resolvers                                      false
spring.flyway.skip-executing-migrations                                   
spring.flyway.sql-migration-prefix                                        V
spring.flyway.sql-migration-separator                                     __
spring.flyway.sql-migration-suffixes                                      [.sql]
spring.flyway.sql-server-kerberos-login-file                              
spring.flyway.stream                                                      
spring.flyway.table                                                       flyway_schema_history
spring.flyway.tablespace                                                  
spring.flyway.target                                                      
spring.flyway.url                                                         
spring.flyway.user                                                        
spring.flyway.validate-migration-naming                                   false
spring.flyway.validate-on-migrate                                         true
spring.liquibase.change-log                                               classpath:/db/changelog/db.changelog-master.yaml
spring.liquibase.clear-checksums                                          false
spring.liquibase.contexts                                                 
spring.liquibase.database-change-log-lock-table                           DATABASECHANGELOGLOCK
spring.liquibase.database-change-log-table                                DATABASECHANGELOG
spring.liquibase.default-schema                                           
spring.liquibase.driver-class-name                                        
spring.liquibase.drop-first                                               false
spring.liquibase.enabled                                                  true
spring.liquibase.labels                                                   
spring.liquibase.liquibase-schema                                         
spring.liquibase.liquibase-tablespace                                     
spring.liquibase.parameters.*                                             
spring.liquibase.password                                                 
spring.liquibase.rollback-file                                            
spring.liquibase.tag                                                      
spring.liquibase.test-rollback-on-update                                  false
spring.liquibase.url                                                      
spring.liquibase.user                                                     
spring.sql.init.continue-on-error                                         false
spring.sql.init.data-locations                                            
spring.sql.init.encoding                                                  
spring.sql.init.mode                                                      embedded
spring.sql.init.password                                                  
spring.sql.init.platform                                                  all
spring.sql.init.schema-locations                                          
spring.sql.init.separator                                                 ;
spring.sql.init.username                                                  
```

## 

```
spring.activemq.broker-url                                                
spring.activemq.close-timeout                                             15s
spring.activemq.in-memory                                                 true
spring.activemq.non-blocking-redelivery                                   false
spring.activemq.packages.trust-all                                        
spring.activemq.packages.trusted                                          
spring.activemq.password                                                  
spring.activemq.pool.block-if-full                                        true
spring.activemq.pool.block-if-full-timeout                                -1ms
spring.activemq.pool.enabled                                              false
spring.activemq.pool.idle-timeout                                         30s
spring.activemq.pool.max-connections                                      1
spring.activemq.pool.max-sessions-per-connection                          500
spring.activemq.pool.time-between-expiration-check                        -1ms
spring.activemq.pool.use-anonymous-producers                              true
spring.activemq.send-timeout                                              0ms
spring.activemq.user                                                      
spring.artemis.broker-url                                                 tcp://localhost:61616
spring.artemis.embedded.cluster-password                                  
spring.artemis.embedded.data-directory                                    
spring.artemis.embedded.enabled                                           true
spring.artemis.embedded.persistent                                        false
spring.artemis.embedded.queues                                            []
spring.artemis.embedded.server-id                                         0
spring.artemis.embedded.topics                                            []
spring.artemis.mode                                                       
spring.artemis.password                                                   
spring.artemis.pool.block-if-full                                         true
spring.artemis.pool.block-if-full-timeout                                 -1ms
spring.artemis.pool.enabled                                               false
spring.artemis.pool.idle-timeout                                          30s
spring.artemis.pool.max-connections                                       1
spring.artemis.pool.max-sessions-per-connection                           500
spring.artemis.pool.time-between-expiration-check                         -1ms
spring.artemis.pool.use-anonymous-producers                               true
spring.artemis.user                                                       
spring.batch.jdbc.initialize-schema                                       embedded
spring.batch.jdbc.isolation-level-for-create                              
spring.batch.jdbc.platform                                                
spring.batch.jdbc.schema                                                  classpath:org/springframework/batch/core/schema-@@platform@@.sql
spring.batch.jdbc.table-prefix                                            
spring.batch.job.enabled                                                  true
spring.batch.job.names                                                    
spring.hazelcast.config                                                   
spring.integration.channel.auto-create                                    true
spring.integration.channel.max-broadcast-subscribers                      
spring.integration.channel.max-unicast-subscribers                        
spring.integration.endpoint.no-auto-startup                               
spring.integration.endpoint.read-only-headers                             
spring.integration.endpoint.throw-exception-on-late-reply                 false
spring.integration.error.ignore-failures                                  true
spring.integration.error.require-subscribers                              true
spring.integration.jdbc.initialize-schema                                 embedded
spring.integration.jdbc.platform                                          
spring.integration.jdbc.schema                                            classpath:org/springframework/integration/jdbc/schema-@@platform@@.sql
spring.integration.management.default-logging-enabled                     true
spring.integration.poller.cron                                            
spring.integration.poller.fixed-delay                                     
spring.integration.poller.fixed-rate                                      
spring.integration.poller.initial-delay                                   
spring.integration.poller.max-messages-per-poll                           
spring.integration.poller.receive-timeout                                 1s
spring.integration.rsocket.client.host                                    
spring.integration.rsocket.client.port                                    
spring.integration.rsocket.client.uri                                     
spring.integration.rsocket.server.message-mapping-enabled                 false
spring.jms.cache.consumers                                                false
spring.jms.cache.enabled                                                  true
spring.jms.cache.producers                                                true
spring.jms.cache.session-cache-size                                       1
spring.jms.jndi-name                                                      
spring.jms.listener.acknowledge-mode                                      
spring.jms.listener.auto-startup                                          true
spring.jms.listener.concurrency                                           
spring.jms.listener.max-concurrency                                       
spring.jms.listener.receive-timeout                                       1s
spring.jms.pub-sub-domain                                                 false
spring.jms.template.default-destination                                   
spring.jms.template.delivery-delay                                        
spring.jms.template.delivery-mode                                         
spring.jms.template.priority                                              
spring.jms.template.qos-enabled                                           
spring.jms.template.receive-timeout                                       
spring.jms.template.time-to-live                                          
spring.kafka.admin.client-id                                              
spring.kafka.admin.fail-fast                                              false
spring.kafka.admin.properties.*                                           
spring.kafka.admin.security.protocol                                      
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.key-password                                       
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.key-store-certificate-chain                        
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.key-store-key                                      
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.key-store-location                                 
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.key-store-password                                 
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.key-store-type                                     
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.protocol                                           
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.trust-store-certificates                           
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.trust-store-location                               
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.trust-store-password                               
spring.kafka.admin.ssl.trust-store-type                                   
spring.kafka.bootstrap-servers                                            
spring.kafka.client-id                                                    
spring.kafka.consumer.auto-commit-interval                                
spring.kafka.consumer.auto-offset-reset                                   
spring.kafka.consumer.bootstrap-servers                                   
spring.kafka.consumer.client-id                                           
spring.kafka.consumer.enable-auto-commit                                  
spring.kafka.consumer.fetch-max-wait                                      
spring.kafka.consumer.fetch-min-size                                      
spring.kafka.consumer.group-id                                            
spring.kafka.consumer.heartbeat-interval                                  
spring.kafka.consumer.isolation-level                                     read-uncommitted
spring.kafka.consumer.key-deserializer                                    
spring.kafka.consumer.max-poll-records                                    
spring.kafka.consumer.properties.*                                        
spring.kafka.consumer.security.protocol                                   
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.key-password                                    
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.key-store-certificate-chain                     
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.key-store-key                                   
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.key-store-location                              
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.key-store-password                              
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.key-store-type                                  
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.protocol                                        
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.trust-store-certificates                        
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.trust-store-location                            
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.trust-store-password                            
spring.kafka.consumer.ssl.trust-store-type                                
spring.kafka.consumer.value-deserializer                                  
spring.kafka.jaas.control-flag                                            required
spring.kafka.jaas.enabled                                                 false
spring.kafka.jaas.login-module                                            com.sun.security.auth.module.Krb5LoginModule
spring.kafka.jaas.options.*                                               
spring.kafka.listener.ack-count                                           
spring.kafka.listener.ack-mode                                            
spring.kafka.listener.ack-time                                            
spring.kafka.listener.client-id                                           
spring.kafka.listener.concurrency                                         
spring.kafka.listener.idle-between-polls                                  0
spring.kafka.listener.idle-event-interval                                 
spring.kafka.listener.idle-partition-event-interval                       
spring.kafka.listener.immediate-stop                                      false
spring.kafka.listener.log-container-config                                
spring.kafka.listener.missing-topics-fatal                                false
spring.kafka.listener.monitor-interval                                    
spring.kafka.listener.no-poll-threshold                                   
spring.kafka.listener.poll-timeout                                        
spring.kafka.listener.type                                                single
spring.kafka.producer.acks                                                
spring.kafka.producer.batch-size                                          
spring.kafka.producer.bootstrap-servers                                   
spring.kafka.producer.buffer-memory                                       
spring.kafka.producer.client-id                                           
spring.kafka.producer.compression-type                                    
spring.kafka.producer.key-serializer                                      
spring.kafka.producer.properties.*                                        
spring.kafka.producer.retries                                             
spring.kafka.producer.security.protocol                                   
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.key-password                                    
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.key-store-certificate-chain                     
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.key-store-key                                   
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.key-store-location                              
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.key-store-password                              
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.key-store-type                                  
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.protocol                                        
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.trust-store-certificates                        
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.trust-store-location                            
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.trust-store-password                            
spring.kafka.producer.ssl.trust-store-type                                
spring.kafka.producer.transaction-id-prefix                               
spring.kafka.producer.value-serializer                                    
spring.kafka.properties.*                                                 
spring.kafka.retry.topic.attempts                                         3
spring.kafka.retry.topic.delay                                            1s
spring.kafka.retry.topic.enabled                                          false
spring.kafka.retry.topic.max-delay                                        0
spring.kafka.retry.topic.multiplier                                       0
spring.kafka.retry.topic.random-back-off                                  false
spring.kafka.security.protocol                                            
spring.kafka.ssl.key-password                                             
spring.kafka.ssl.key-store-certificate-chain                              
spring.kafka.ssl.key-store-key                                            
spring.kafka.ssl.key-store-location                                       
spring.kafka.ssl.key-store-password                                       
spring.kafka.ssl.key-store-type                                           
spring.kafka.ssl.protocol                                                 
spring.kafka.ssl.trust-store-certificates                                 
spring.kafka.ssl.trust-store-location                                     
spring.kafka.ssl.trust-store-password                                     
spring.kafka.ssl.trust-store-type                                         
spring.kafka.streams.application-id                                       
spring.kafka.streams.auto-startup                                         true
spring.kafka.streams.bootstrap-servers                                    
spring.kafka.streams.cache-max-size-buffering                             
spring.kafka.streams.cleanup.on-shutdown                                  false
spring.kafka.streams.cleanup.on-startup                                   false
spring.kafka.streams.client-id                                            
spring.kafka.streams.properties.*                                         
spring.kafka.streams.replication-factor                                   
spring.kafka.streams.security.protocol                                    
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.key-password                                     
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.key-store-certificate-chain                      
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.key-store-key                                    
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.key-store-location                               
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.key-store-password                               
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.key-store-type                                   
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.protocol                                         
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.trust-store-certificates                         
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.trust-store-location                             
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.trust-store-password                             
spring.kafka.streams.ssl.trust-store-type                                 
spring.kafka.streams.state-dir                                            
spring.kafka.template.default-topic                                       
spring.kafka.template.transaction-id-prefix                               
spring.rabbitmq.address-shuffle-mode                                      none
spring.rabbitmq.addresses                                                 
spring.rabbitmq.cache.channel.checkout-timeout                            
spring.rabbitmq.cache.channel.size                                        
spring.rabbitmq.cache.connection.mode                                     channel
spring.rabbitmq.cache.connection.size                                     
spring.rabbitmq.channel-rpc-timeout                                       10m
spring.rabbitmq.connection-timeout                                        
spring.rabbitmq.dynamic                                                   true
spring.rabbitmq.host                                                      localhost
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.acknowledge-mode                          
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.auto-startup                              true
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.consumers-per-queue                       
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.de-batching-enabled                       true
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.default-requeue-rejected                  
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.idle-event-interval                       
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.missing-queues-fatal                      false
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.prefetch                                  
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.enabled                             false
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.initial-interval                    1000ms
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.max-attempts                        3
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.max-interval                        10000ms
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.multiplier                          1
spring.rabbitmq.listener.direct.retry.stateless                           true
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.acknowledge-mode                          
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.auto-startup                              true
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.batch-size                                
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.concurrency                               
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.consumer-batch-enabled                    false
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.de-batching-enabled                       true
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.default-requeue-rejected                  
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.idle-event-interval                       
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.max-concurrency                           
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.missing-queues-fatal                      true
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.prefetch                                  
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.enabled                             false
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.initial-interval                    1000ms
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.max-attempts                        3
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.max-interval                        10000ms
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.multiplier                          1
spring.rabbitmq.listener.simple.retry.stateless                           true
spring.rabbitmq.listener.stream.auto-startup                              true
spring.rabbitmq.listener.stream.native-listener                           false
spring.rabbitmq.listener.type                                             simple
spring.rabbitmq.password                                                  guest
spring.rabbitmq.port                                                      
spring.rabbitmq.publisher-confirm-type                                    
spring.rabbitmq.publisher-returns                                         false
spring.rabbitmq.requested-channel-max                                     2047
spring.rabbitmq.requested-heartbeat                                       
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.algorithm                                             
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.enabled                                               
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.key-store                                             
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.key-store-algorithm                                   SunX509
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.key-store-password                                    
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.key-store-type                                        PKCS12
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.trust-store                                           
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.trust-store-algorithm                                 SunX509
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.trust-store-password                                  
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.trust-store-type                                      JKS
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.validate-server-certificate                           true
spring.rabbitmq.ssl.verify-hostname                                       true
spring.rabbitmq.stream.host                                               localhost
spring.rabbitmq.stream.name                                               
spring.rabbitmq.stream.password                                           
spring.rabbitmq.stream.port                                               
spring.rabbitmq.stream.username                                           
spring.rabbitmq.template.default-receive-queue                            
spring.rabbitmq.template.exchange                                         
spring.rabbitmq.template.mandatory                                        
spring.rabbitmq.template.receive-timeout                                  
spring.rabbitmq.template.reply-timeout                                    
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.enabled                                    false
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.initial-interval                           1000ms
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.max-attempts                               3
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.max-interval                               10000ms
spring.rabbitmq.template.retry.multiplier                                 1
spring.rabbitmq.template.routing-key                                      
spring.rabbitmq.username                                                  guest
spring.rabbitmq.virtual-host                                              
spring.webservices.path                                                   /services
spring.webservices.servlet.init.*                                         
spring.webservices.servlet.load-on-startup                                -1
spring.webservices.wsdl-locations                                         
```

## 

```
spring.graphql.cors.allow-credentials                                     
spring.graphql.cors.allowed-headers                                       
spring.graphql.cors.allowed-methods                                       
spring.graphql.cors.allowed-origin-patterns                               
spring.graphql.cors.allowed-origins                                       
spring.graphql.cors.exposed-headers                                       
spring.graphql.cors.max-age                                               1800s
spring.graphql.graphiql.enabled                                           false
spring.graphql.graphiql.path                                              /graphiql
spring.graphql.path                                                       /graphql
spring.graphql.rsocket.mapping                                            
spring.graphql.schema.file-extensions                                     .graphqls,.gqls
spring.graphql.schema.introspection.enabled                               true
spring.graphql.schema.locations                                           classpath:graphql/**/
spring.graphql.schema.printer.enabled                                     false
spring.graphql.websocket.connection-init-timeout                          60s
spring.graphql.websocket.path                                             
spring.hateoas.use-hal-as-default-json-media-type                         true
spring.jersey.application-path                                            
spring.jersey.filter.order                                                0
spring.jersey.init.*                                                      
spring.jersey.servlet.load-on-startup                                     -1
spring.jersey.type                                                        servlet
spring.mvc.async.request-timeout                                          
spring.mvc.contentnegotiation.favor-parameter                             false
spring.mvc.contentnegotiation.media-types.*                               
spring.mvc.contentnegotiation.parameter-name                              
spring.mvc.converters.preferred-json-mapper                               
spring.mvc.dispatch-options-request                                       true
spring.mvc.dispatch-trace-request                                         false
spring.mvc.format.date                                                    
spring.mvc.format.date-time                                               
spring.mvc.format.time                                                    
spring.mvc.formcontent.filter.enabled                                     true
spring.mvc.hiddenmethod.filter.enabled                                    false
spring.mvc.ignore-default-model-on-redirect                               true
spring.mvc.log-request-details                                            false
spring.mvc.log-resolved-exception                                         false
spring.mvc.message-codes-resolver-format                                  
spring.mvc.pathmatch.matching-strategy                                    path-pattern-parser
spring.mvc.publish-request-handled-events                                 true
spring.mvc.servlet.load-on-startup                                        -1
spring.mvc.servlet.path                                                   /
spring.mvc.static-path-pattern                                            /**
spring.mvc.throw-exception-if-no-handler-found                            false
spring.mvc.view.prefix                                                    
spring.mvc.view.suffix                                                    
spring.netty.leak-detection                                               simple
spring.servlet.multipart.enabled                                          true
spring.servlet.multipart.file-size-threshold                              0B
spring.servlet.multipart.location                                         
spring.servlet.multipart.max-file-size                                    1MB
spring.servlet.multipart.max-request-size                                 10MB
spring.servlet.multipart.resolve-lazily                                   false
spring.session.hazelcast.flush-mode                                       on-save
spring.session.hazelcast.map-name                                         spring:session:sessions
spring.session.hazelcast.save-mode                                        on-set-attribute
spring.session.jdbc.cleanup-cron                                          0 * * * * *
spring.session.jdbc.flush-mode                                            on-save
spring.session.jdbc.initialize-schema                                     embedded
spring.session.jdbc.platform                                              
spring.session.jdbc.save-mode                                             on-set-attribute
spring.session.jdbc.schema                                                classpath:org/springframework/session/jdbc/schema-@@platform@@.sql
spring.session.jdbc.table-name                                            SPRING_SESSION
spring.session.mongodb.collection-name                                    sessions
spring.session.redis.cleanup-cron                                         0 * * * * *
spring.session.redis.configure-action                                     notify-keyspace-events
spring.session.redis.flush-mode                                           on-save
spring.session.redis.namespace                                            spring:session
spring.session.redis.save-mode                                            on-set-attribute
spring.session.servlet.filter-dispatcher-types                            [async, error, request]
spring.session.servlet.filter-order                                       
spring.session.store-type                                                 
spring.session.timeout                                                    
spring.web.locale                                                         
spring.web.locale-resolver                                                accept-header
spring.web.resources.add-mappings                                         true
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.cache-private                     
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.cache-public                      
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.max-age                           
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.must-revalidate                   
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.no-cache                          
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.no-store                          
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.no-transform                      
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.proxy-revalidate                  
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.s-max-age                         
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.stale-if-error                    
spring.web.resources.cache.cachecontrol.stale-while-revalidate            
spring.web.resources.cache.period                                         
spring.web.resources.cache.use-last-modified                              true
spring.web.resources.chain.cache                                          true
spring.web.resources.chain.compressed                                     false
spring.web.resources.chain.enabled                                        
spring.web.resources.chain.strategy.content.enabled                       false
spring.web.resources.chain.strategy.content.paths                         [/**]
spring.web.resources.chain.strategy.fixed.enabled                         false
spring.web.resources.chain.strategy.fixed.paths                           [/**]
spring.web.resources.chain.strategy.fixed.version                         
spring.web.resources.static-locations                                     [classpath:/META-INF/resources/, classpath:/resources/, classpath:/static/, classpath:/public/]
spring.webflux.base-path                                                  
spring.webflux.format.date                                                
spring.webflux.format.date-time                                           
spring.webflux.format.time                                                
spring.webflux.hiddenmethod.filter.enabled                                false
spring.webflux.multipart.file-storage-directory                           
spring.webflux.multipart.headers-charset                                  UTF-8
spring.webflux.multipart.max-disk-usage-per-part                          -1B
spring.webflux.multipart.max-headers-size                                 10KB
spring.webflux.multipart.max-in-memory-size                               256KB
spring.webflux.multipart.max-parts                                        -1
spring.webflux.multipart.streaming                                        false
spring.webflux.session.timeout                                            30m
spring.webflux.static-path-pattern                                        /**
```

## 

```
spring.freemarker.allow-request-override                                  false
spring.freemarker.allow-session-override                                  false
spring.freemarker.cache                                                   false
spring.freemarker.charset                                                 UTF-8
spring.freemarker.check-template-location                                 true
spring.freemarker.content-type                                            text/html
spring.freemarker.enabled                                                 true
spring.freemarker.expose-request-attributes                               false
spring.freemarker.expose-session-attributes                               false
spring.freemarker.expose-spring-macro-helpers                             true
spring.freemarker.prefer-file-system-access                               false
spring.freemarker.prefix                                                  
spring.freemarker.request-context-attribute                               
spring.freemarker.settings.*                                              
spring.freemarker.suffix                                                  .ftlh
spring.freemarker.template-loader-path                                    [classpath:/templates/]
spring.freemarker.view-names                                              
spring.groovy.template.allow-request-override                             false
spring.groovy.template.allow-session-override                             false
spring.groovy.template.cache                                              false
spring.groovy.template.charset                                            UTF-8
spring.groovy.template.check-template-location                            true
spring.groovy.template.configuration.auto-escape                          
spring.groovy.template.content-type                                       text/html
spring.groovy.template.enabled                                            true
spring.groovy.template.expose-request-attributes                          false
spring.groovy.template.expose-session-attributes                          false
spring.groovy.template.expose-spring-macro-helpers                        true
spring.groovy.template.prefix                                             
spring.groovy.template.request-context-attribute                          
spring.groovy.template.resource-loader-path                               classpath:/templates/
spring.groovy.template.suffix                                             .tpl
spring.groovy.template.view-names                                         
spring.mustache.charset                                                   UTF-8
spring.mustache.check-template-location                                   true
spring.mustache.enabled                                                   true
spring.mustache.prefix                                                    classpath:/templates/
spring.mustache.reactive.media-types                                      text/html;charset=UTF-8
spring.mustache.request-context-attribute                                 
spring.mustache.servlet.allow-request-override                            false
spring.mustache.servlet.allow-session-override                            false
spring.mustache.servlet.cache                                             false
spring.mustache.servlet.content-type                                      
spring.mustache.servlet.expose-request-attributes                         false
spring.mustache.servlet.expose-session-attributes                         false
spring.mustache.servlet.expose-spring-macro-helpers                       true
spring.mustache.suffix                                                    .mustache
spring.mustache.view-names                                                
spring.thymeleaf.cache                                                    true
spring.thymeleaf.check-template                                           true
spring.thymeleaf.check-template-location                                  true
spring.thymeleaf.enable-spring-el-compiler                                false
spring.thymeleaf.enabled                                                  true
spring.thymeleaf.encoding                                                 UTF-8
spring.thymeleaf.excluded-view-names                                      
spring.thymeleaf.mode                                                     HTML
spring.thymeleaf.prefix                                                   classpath:/templates/
spring.thymeleaf.reactive.chunked-mode-view-names                         
spring.thymeleaf.reactive.full-mode-view-names                            
spring.thymeleaf.reactive.max-chunk-size                                  0B
spring.thymeleaf.reactive.media-types                                     [text/html, application/xhtml+xml, application/xml, text/xml, application/rss+xml, application/atom+xml, application/javascript, application/ecmascript, text/javascript, text/ecmascript, application/json, text/css, text/plain, text/event-stream]
spring.thymeleaf.render-hidden-markers-before-checkboxes                  false
spring.thymeleaf.servlet.content-type                                     text/html
spring.thymeleaf.servlet.produce-partial-output-while-processing          true
spring.thymeleaf.suffix                                                   .html
spring.thymeleaf.template-resolver-order                                  
spring.thymeleaf.view-names                                               
```

## 

```
server.address                                                            
server.compression.enabled                                                false
server.compression.excluded-user-agents                                   
server.compression.mime-types                                             [text/html, text/xml, text/plain, text/css, text/javascript, application/javascript, application/json, application/xml]
server.compression.min-response-size                                      2KB
server.error.include-binding-errors                                       never
server.error.include-exception                                            false
server.error.include-message                                              never
server.error.include-stacktrace                                           never
server.error.path                                                         /error
server.error.whitelabel.enabled                                           true
server.forward-headers-strategy                                           
server.http2.enabled                                                      false
server.jetty.accesslog.append                                             false
server.jetty.accesslog.custom-format                                      
server.jetty.accesslog.enabled                                            false
server.jetty.accesslog.file-date-format                                   
server.jetty.accesslog.filename                                           
server.jetty.accesslog.format                                             ncsa
server.jetty.accesslog.ignore-paths                                       
server.jetty.accesslog.retention-period                                   31
server.jetty.connection-idle-timeout                                      
server.jetty.max-http-form-post-size                                      200000B
server.jetty.threads.acceptors                                            -1
server.jetty.threads.idle-timeout                                         60000ms
server.jetty.threads.max                                                  200
server.jetty.threads.max-queue-capacity                                   
server.jetty.threads.min                                                  8
server.jetty.threads.selectors                                            -1
server.max-http-header-size                                               8KB
server.netty.connection-timeout                                           
server.netty.h2c-max-content-length                                       0B
server.netty.idle-timeout                                                 
server.netty.initial-buffer-size                                          128B
server.netty.max-chunk-size                                               8KB
server.netty.max-initial-line-length                                      4KB
server.netty.max-keep-alive-requests                                      
server.netty.validate-headers                                             true
server.port                                                               8080
server.reactive.session.timeout                                           30m
server.server-header                                                      
server.servlet.application-display-name                                   application
server.servlet.context-parameters.*                                       
server.servlet.context-path                                               
server.servlet.encoding.charset                                           
server.servlet.encoding.enabled                                           true
server.servlet.encoding.force                                             
server.servlet.encoding.force-request                                     
server.servlet.encoding.force-response                                    
server.servlet.encoding.mapping.*                                         
server.servlet.jsp.class-name                                             org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet
server.servlet.jsp.init-parameters.*                                      
server.servlet.jsp.registered                                             true
server.servlet.register-default-servlet                                   false
server.servlet.session.cookie.comment                                     
server.servlet.session.cookie.domain                                      
server.servlet.session.cookie.http-only                                   
server.servlet.session.cookie.max-age                                     
server.servlet.session.cookie.name                                        
server.servlet.session.cookie.path                                        
server.servlet.session.cookie.same-site                                   
server.servlet.session.cookie.secure                                      
server.servlet.session.persistent                                         false
server.servlet.session.store-dir                                          
server.servlet.session.timeout                                            30m
server.servlet.session.tracking-modes                                     
server.shutdown                                                           immediate
server.ssl.certificate                                                    
server.ssl.certificate-private-key                                        
server.ssl.ciphers                                                        
server.ssl.client-auth                                                    
server.ssl.enabled                                                        true
server.ssl.enabled-protocols                                              
server.ssl.key-alias                                                      
server.ssl.key-password                                                   
server.ssl.key-store                                                      
server.ssl.key-store-password                                             
server.ssl.key-store-provider                                             
server.ssl.key-store-type                                                 
server.ssl.protocol                                                       TLS
server.ssl.trust-certificate                                              
server.ssl.trust-certificate-private-key                                  
server.ssl.trust-store                                                    
server.ssl.trust-store-password                                           
server.ssl.trust-store-provider                                           
server.ssl.trust-store-type                                               
server.tomcat.accept-count                                                100
server.tomcat.accesslog.buffered                                          true
server.tomcat.accesslog.check-exists                                      false
server.tomcat.accesslog.condition-if                                      
server.tomcat.accesslog.condition-unless                                  
server.tomcat.accesslog.directory                                         logs
server.tomcat.accesslog.enabled                                           false
server.tomcat.accesslog.encoding                                          
server.tomcat.accesslog.file-date-format                                  .yyyy-MM-dd
server.tomcat.accesslog.ipv6-canonical                                    false
server.tomcat.accesslog.locale                                            
server.tomcat.accesslog.max-days                                          -1
server.tomcat.accesslog.pattern                                           common
server.tomcat.accesslog.prefix                                            access_log
server.tomcat.accesslog.rename-on-rotate                                  false
server.tomcat.accesslog.request-attributes-enabled                        false
server.tomcat.accesslog.rotate                                            true
server.tomcat.accesslog.suffix                                            .log
server.tomcat.additional-tld-skip-patterns                                
server.tomcat.background-processor-delay                                  10s
server.tomcat.basedir                                                     
server.tomcat.connection-timeout                                          
server.tomcat.keep-alive-timeout                                          
server.tomcat.max-connections                                             8192
server.tomcat.max-http-form-post-size                                     2MB
server.tomcat.max-keep-alive-requests                                     100
server.tomcat.max-swallow-size                                            2MB
server.tomcat.mbeanregistry.enabled                                       false
server.tomcat.processor-cache                                             200
server.tomcat.redirect-context-root                                       true
server.tomcat.reject-illegal-header                                       true
server.tomcat.relaxed-path-chars                                          
server.tomcat.relaxed-query-chars                                         
server.tomcat.remoteip.host-header                                        X-Forwarded-Host
server.tomcat.remoteip.internal-proxies                                   
server.tomcat.remoteip.port-header                                        X-Forwarded-Port
server.tomcat.remoteip.protocol-header                                    
server.tomcat.remoteip.protocol-header-https-value                        https
server.tomcat.remoteip.remote-ip-header                                   
server.tomcat.resource.allow-caching                                      true
server.tomcat.resource.cache-ttl                                          
server.tomcat.threads.max                                                 200
server.tomcat.threads.min-spare                                           10
server.tomcat.uri-encoding                                                UTF-8
server.tomcat.use-relative-redirects                                      false
server.undertow.accesslog.dir                                             
server.undertow.accesslog.enabled                                         false
server.undertow.accesslog.pattern                                         common
server.undertow.accesslog.prefix                                          access_log.
server.undertow.accesslog.rotate                                          true
server.undertow.accesslog.suffix                                          log
server.undertow.allow-encoded-slash                                       false
server.undertow.always-set-keep-alive                                     true
server.undertow.buffer-size                                               
server.undertow.decode-url                                                true
server.undertow.direct-buffers                                            
server.undertow.eager-filter-init                                         true
server.undertow.max-cookies                                               200
server.undertow.max-headers                                               
server.undertow.max-http-post-size                                        -1B
server.undertow.max-parameters                                            
server.undertow.no-request-timeout                                        
server.undertow.options.server.*                                          
server.undertow.options.socket.*                                          
server.undertow.preserve-path-on-forward                                  false
server.undertow.threads.io                                                
server.undertow.threads.worker                                            
server.undertow.url-charset                                               UTF-8
```

## 

```
spring.security.filter.dispatcher-types                                   [async, error, request]
spring.security.filter.order                                              -100
spring.security.oauth2.client.provider.*                                  
spring.security.oauth2.client.registration.*                              
spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.jwt.audiences                       
spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.jwt.issuer-uri                      
spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.jwt.jwk-set-uri                     
spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.jwt.jws-algorithm                   RS256
spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.jwt.public-key-location             
spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.opaquetoken.client-id               
spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.opaquetoken.client-secret           
spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.opaquetoken.introspection-uri       
spring.security.saml2.relyingparty.registration.*                         
spring.security.user.name                                                 user
spring.security.user.password                                             
spring.security.user.roles                                                
```

## 

```
spring.rsocket.server.address                                             
spring.rsocket.server.fragment-size                                       
spring.rsocket.server.mapping-path                                        
spring.rsocket.server.port                                                
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.certificate                                     
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.certificate-private-key                         
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.ciphers                                         
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.client-auth                                     
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.enabled                                         
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.enabled-protocols                               
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.key-alias                                       
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.key-password                                    
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.key-store                                       
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.key-store-password                              
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.key-store-provider                              
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.key-store-type                                  
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.protocol                                        
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.trust-certificate                               
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.trust-certificate-private-key                   
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.trust-store                                     
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.trust-store-password                            
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.trust-store-provider                            
spring.rsocket.server.ssl.trust-store-type                                
spring.rsocket.server.transport                                           tcp
```

## 

```
management.auditevents.enabled                                            true
management.cloudfoundry.enabled                                           true
management.cloudfoundry.skip-ssl-validation                               false
management.endpoint.auditevents.cache.time-to-live                        0ms
management.endpoint.auditevents.enabled                                   true
management.endpoint.beans.cache.time-to-live                              0ms
management.endpoint.beans.enabled                                         true
management.endpoint.caches.cache.time-to-live                             0ms
management.endpoint.caches.enabled                                        true
management.endpoint.conditions.cache.time-to-live                         0ms
management.endpoint.conditions.enabled                                    true
management.endpoint.configprops.additional-keys-to-sanitize               
management.endpoint.configprops.cache.time-to-live                        0ms
management.endpoint.configprops.enabled                                   true
management.endpoint.configprops.keys-to-sanitize                          [password, secret, key, token, .*credentials.*, vcap_services, sun.java.command]
management.endpoint.env.additional-keys-to-sanitize                       
management.endpoint.env.cache.time-to-live                                0ms
management.endpoint.env.enabled                                           true
management.endpoint.env.keys-to-sanitize                                  [password, secret, key, token, .*credentials.*, vcap_services, sun.java.command]
management.endpoint.flyway.cache.time-to-live                             0ms
management.endpoint.flyway.enabled                                        true
management.endpoint.health.cache.time-to-live                             0ms
management.endpoint.health.enabled                                        true
management.endpoint.health.group.*                                        
management.endpoint.health.probes.add-additional-paths                    false
management.endpoint.health.probes.enabled                                 false
management.endpoint.health.roles                                          
management.endpoint.health.show-components                                
management.endpoint.health.show-details                                   never
management.endpoint.health.status.http-mapping.*                          
management.endpoint.health.status.order                                   [DOWN, OUT_OF_SERVICE, UP, UNKNOWN]
management.endpoint.heapdump.cache.time-to-live                           0ms
management.endpoint.heapdump.enabled                                      true
management.endpoint.httptrace.cache.time-to-live                          0ms
management.endpoint.httptrace.enabled                                     true
management.endpoint.info.cache.time-to-live                               0ms
management.endpoint.info.enabled                                          true
management.endpoint.integrationgraph.cache.time-to-live                   0ms
management.endpoint.integrationgraph.enabled                              true
management.endpoint.jolokia.config.*                                      
management.endpoint.jolokia.enabled                                       true
management.endpoint.liquibase.cache.time-to-live                          0ms
management.endpoint.liquibase.enabled                                     true
management.endpoint.logfile.cache.time-to-live                            0ms
management.endpoint.logfile.enabled                                       true
management.endpoint.logfile.external-file                                 
management.endpoint.loggers.cache.time-to-live                            0ms
management.endpoint.loggers.enabled                                       true
management.endpoint.mappings.cache.time-to-live                           0ms
management.endpoint.mappings.enabled                                      true
management.endpoint.metrics.cache.time-to-live                            0ms
management.endpoint.metrics.enabled                                       true
management.endpoint.prometheus.enabled                                    true
management.endpoint.quartz.cache.time-to-live                             0ms
management.endpoint.quartz.enabled                                        true
management.endpoint.scheduledtasks.cache.time-to-live                     0ms
management.endpoint.scheduledtasks.enabled                                true
management.endpoint.sessions.enabled                                      true
management.endpoint.shutdown.enabled                                      false
management.endpoint.startup.cache.time-to-live                            0ms
management.endpoint.startup.enabled                                       true
management.endpoint.threaddump.cache.time-to-live                         0ms
management.endpoint.threaddump.enabled                                    true
management.endpoints.enabled-by-default                                   
management.endpoints.jmx.domain                                           org.springframework.boot
management.endpoints.jmx.exposure.exclude                                 
management.endpoints.jmx.exposure.include                                 *
management.endpoints.jmx.static-names                                     
management.endpoints.migrate-legacy-ids                                   false
management.endpoints.web.base-path                                        /actuator
management.endpoints.web.cors.allow-credentials                           
management.endpoints.web.cors.allowed-headers                             
management.endpoints.web.cors.allowed-methods                             
management.endpoints.web.cors.allowed-origin-patterns                     
management.endpoints.web.cors.allowed-origins                             
management.endpoints.web.cors.exposed-headers                             
management.endpoints.web.cors.max-age                                     1800s
management.endpoints.web.discovery.enabled                                true
management.endpoints.web.exposure.exclude                                 
management.endpoints.web.exposure.include                                 [health]
management.endpoints.web.path-mapping.*                                   
management.health.cassandra.enabled                                       true
management.health.couchbase.enabled                                       true
management.health.db.enabled                                              true
management.health.db.ignore-routing-data-sources                          false
management.health.defaults.enabled                                        true
management.health.diskspace.enabled                                       true
management.health.diskspace.path                                          
management.health.diskspace.threshold                                     10MB
management.health.elasticsearch.enabled                                   true
management.health.influxdb.enabled                                        true
management.health.jms.enabled                                             true
management.health.ldap.enabled                                            true
management.health.livenessstate.enabled                                   false
management.health.mail.enabled                                            true
management.health.mongo.enabled                                           true
management.health.neo4j.enabled                                           true
management.health.ping.enabled                                            true
management.health.rabbit.enabled                                          true
management.health.readinessstate.enabled                                  false
management.health.redis.enabled                                           true
management.health.solr.enabled                                            true
management.health.status.order                                            [DOWN, OUT_OF_SERVICE, UP, UNKNOWN]
management.info.build.enabled                                             true
management.info.defaults.enabled                                          true
management.info.env.enabled                                               false
management.info.git.enabled                                               true
management.info.git.mode                                                  simple
management.info.java.enabled                                              false
management.info.os.enabled                                                false
management.metrics.data.repository.autotime.enabled                       true
management.metrics.data.repository.autotime.percentiles                   
management.metrics.data.repository.autotime.percentiles-histogram         false
management.metrics.data.repository.metric-name                            spring.data.repository.invocations
management.metrics.distribution.buffer-length.*                           
management.metrics.distribution.expiry.*                                  
management.metrics.distribution.maximum-expected-value.*                  
management.metrics.distribution.minimum-expected-value.*                  
management.metrics.distribution.percentiles.*                             
management.metrics.distribution.percentiles-histogram.*                   
management.metrics.distribution.slo.*                                     
management.metrics.enable.*                                               
management.metrics.export.appoptics.api-token                             
management.metrics.export.appoptics.batch-size                            500
management.metrics.export.appoptics.connect-timeout                       5s
management.metrics.export.appoptics.enabled                               true
management.metrics.export.appoptics.floor-times                           false
management.metrics.export.appoptics.host-tag                              instance
management.metrics.export.appoptics.read-timeout                          10s
management.metrics.export.appoptics.step                                  1m
management.metrics.export.appoptics.uri                                   https://api.appoptics.com/v1/measurements
management.metrics.export.atlas.batch-size                                10000
management.metrics.export.atlas.config-refresh-frequency                  10s
management.metrics.export.atlas.config-time-to-live                       150s
management.metrics.export.atlas.config-uri                                http://localhost:7101/lwc/api/v1/expressions/local-dev
management.metrics.export.atlas.connect-timeout                           1s
management.metrics.export.atlas.enabled                                   true
management.metrics.export.atlas.eval-uri                                  http://localhost:7101/lwc/api/v1/evaluate
management.metrics.export.atlas.lwc-enabled                               false
management.metrics.export.atlas.meter-time-to-live                        15m
management.metrics.export.atlas.num-threads                               4
management.metrics.export.atlas.read-timeout                              10s
management.metrics.export.atlas.step                                      1m
management.metrics.export.atlas.uri                                       http://localhost:7101/api/v1/publish
management.metrics.export.datadog.api-key                                 
management.metrics.export.datadog.application-key                         
management.metrics.export.datadog.batch-size                              10000
management.metrics.export.datadog.connect-timeout                         1s
management.metrics.export.datadog.descriptions                            true
management.metrics.export.datadog.enabled                                 true
management.metrics.export.datadog.host-tag                                instance
management.metrics.export.datadog.read-timeout                            10s
management.metrics.export.datadog.step                                    1m
management.metrics.export.datadog.uri                                     https://api.datadoghq.com
management.metrics.export.defaults.enabled                                true
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.api-token                             
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.batch-size                            10000
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.connect-timeout                       1s
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.enabled                               true
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.read-timeout                          10s
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.step                                  1m
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.uri                                   
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.v1.device-id                          
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.v1.group                              
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.v1.technology-type                    java
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.v2.default-dimensions.*               
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.v2.enrich-with-dynatrace-metadata     true
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.v2.metric-key-prefix                  
management.metrics.export.dynatrace.v2.use-dynatrace-summary-instruments  true
management.metrics.export.elastic.api-key-credentials                     
management.metrics.export.elastic.auto-create-index                       true
management.metrics.export.elastic.batch-size                              10000
management.metrics.export.elastic.connect-timeout                         1s
management.metrics.export.elastic.enabled                                 true
management.metrics.export.elastic.host                                    http://localhost:9200
management.metrics.export.elastic.index                                   micrometer-metrics
management.metrics.export.elastic.index-date-format                       yyyy-MM
management.metrics.export.elastic.index-date-separator                    -
management.metrics.export.elastic.password                                
management.metrics.export.elastic.pipeline                                
management.metrics.export.elastic.read-timeout                            10s
management.metrics.export.elastic.step                                    1m
management.metrics.export.elastic.timestamp-field-name                    @timestamp
management.metrics.export.elastic.user-name                               
management.metrics.export.ganglia.addressing-mode                         multicast
management.metrics.export.ganglia.duration-units                          milliseconds
management.metrics.export.ganglia.enabled                                 true
management.metrics.export.ganglia.host                                    localhost
management.metrics.export.ganglia.port                                    8649
management.metrics.export.ganglia.step                                    1m
management.metrics.export.ganglia.time-to-live                            1
management.metrics.export.graphite.duration-units                         milliseconds
management.metrics.export.graphite.enabled                                true
management.metrics.export.graphite.graphite-tags-enabled                  
management.metrics.export.graphite.host                                   localhost
management.metrics.export.graphite.port                                   2004
management.metrics.export.graphite.protocol                               pickled
management.metrics.export.graphite.rate-units                             seconds
management.metrics.export.graphite.step                                   1m
management.metrics.export.graphite.tags-as-prefix                         []
management.metrics.export.humio.api-token                                 
management.metrics.export.humio.batch-size                                10000
management.metrics.export.humio.connect-timeout                           5s
management.metrics.export.humio.enabled                                   true
management.metrics.export.humio.read-timeout                              10s
management.metrics.export.humio.step                                      1m
management.metrics.export.humio.tags.*                                    
management.metrics.export.humio.uri                                       https://cloud.humio.com
management.metrics.export.influx.api-version                              
management.metrics.export.influx.auto-create-db                           true
management.metrics.export.influx.batch-size                               10000
management.metrics.export.influx.bucket                                   
management.metrics.export.influx.compressed                               true
management.metrics.export.influx.connect-timeout                          1s
management.metrics.export.influx.consistency                              one
management.metrics.export.influx.db                                       mydb
management.metrics.export.influx.enabled                                  true
management.metrics.export.influx.org                                      
management.metrics.export.influx.password                                 
management.metrics.export.influx.read-timeout                             10s
management.metrics.export.influx.retention-duration                       
management.metrics.export.influx.retention-policy                         
management.metrics.export.influx.retention-replication-factor             
management.metrics.export.influx.retention-shard-duration                 
management.metrics.export.influx.step                                     1m
management.metrics.export.influx.token                                    
management.metrics.export.influx.uri                                      http://localhost:8086
management.metrics.export.influx.user-name                                
management.metrics.export.jmx.domain                                      metrics
management.metrics.export.jmx.enabled                                     true
management.metrics.export.jmx.step                                        1m
management.metrics.export.kairos.batch-size                               10000
management.metrics.export.kairos.connect-timeout                          1s
management.metrics.export.kairos.enabled                                  true
management.metrics.export.kairos.password                                 
management.metrics.export.kairos.read-timeout                             10s
management.metrics.export.kairos.step                                     1m
management.metrics.export.kairos.uri                                      http://localhost:8080/api/v1/datapoints
management.metrics.export.kairos.user-name                                
management.metrics.export.newrelic.account-id                             
management.metrics.export.newrelic.api-key                                
management.metrics.export.newrelic.batch-size                             10000
management.metrics.export.newrelic.client-provider-type                   
management.metrics.export.newrelic.connect-timeout                        1s
management.metrics.export.newrelic.enabled                                true
management.metrics.export.newrelic.event-type                             SpringBootSample
management.metrics.export.newrelic.meter-name-event-type-enabled          false
management.metrics.export.newrelic.read-timeout                           10s
management.metrics.export.newrelic.step                                   1m
management.metrics.export.newrelic.uri                                    https://insights-collector.newrelic.com
management.metrics.export.prometheus.descriptions                         true
management.metrics.export.prometheus.enabled                              true
management.metrics.export.prometheus.histogram-flavor                     prometheus
management.metrics.export.prometheus.pushgateway.base-url                 http://localhost:9091
management.metrics.export.prometheus.pushgateway.enabled                  false
management.metrics.export.prometheus.pushgateway.grouping-key.*           
management.metrics.export.prometheus.pushgateway.job                      
management.metrics.export.prometheus.pushgateway.password                 
management.metrics.export.prometheus.pushgateway.push-rate                1m
management.metrics.export.prometheus.pushgateway.shutdown-operation       none
management.metrics.export.prometheus.pushgateway.username                 
management.metrics.export.prometheus.step                                 1m
management.metrics.export.signalfx.access-token                           
management.metrics.export.signalfx.batch-size                             10000
management.metrics.export.signalfx.connect-timeout                        1s
management.metrics.export.signalfx.enabled                                true
management.metrics.export.signalfx.read-timeout                           10s
management.metrics.export.signalfx.source                                 
management.metrics.export.signalfx.step                                   10s
management.metrics.export.signalfx.uri                                    https://ingest.signalfx.com
management.metrics.export.simple.enabled                                  true
management.metrics.export.simple.mode                                     cumulative
management.metrics.export.simple.step                                     1m
management.metrics.export.stackdriver.batch-size                          10000
management.metrics.export.stackdriver.connect-timeout                     1s
management.metrics.export.stackdriver.enabled                             true
management.metrics.export.stackdriver.project-id                          
management.metrics.export.stackdriver.read-timeout                        10s
management.metrics.export.stackdriver.resource-labels.*                   
management.metrics.export.stackdriver.resource-type                       global
management.metrics.export.stackdriver.step                                1m
management.metrics.export.stackdriver.use-semantic-metric-types           false
management.metrics.export.statsd.buffered                                 true
management.metrics.export.statsd.enabled                                  true
management.metrics.export.statsd.flavor                                   datadog
management.metrics.export.statsd.host                                     localhost
management.metrics.export.statsd.max-packet-length                        1400
management.metrics.export.statsd.polling-frequency                        10s
management.metrics.export.statsd.port                                     8125
management.metrics.export.statsd.protocol                                 udp
management.metrics.export.statsd.publish-unchanged-meters                 true
management.metrics.export.statsd.step                                     1m
management.metrics.export.wavefront.api-token                             
management.metrics.export.wavefront.batch-size                            10000
management.metrics.export.wavefront.enabled                               true
management.metrics.export.wavefront.global-prefix                         
management.metrics.export.wavefront.sender.flush-interval                 1s
management.metrics.export.wavefront.sender.max-queue-size                 50000
management.metrics.export.wavefront.sender.message-size                   
management.metrics.export.wavefront.source                                
management.metrics.export.wavefront.step                                  1m
management.metrics.export.wavefront.uri                                   https://longboard.wavefront.com
management.metrics.graphql.autotime.enabled                               true
management.metrics.graphql.autotime.percentiles                           
management.metrics.graphql.autotime.percentiles-histogram                 false
management.metrics.mongo.command.enabled                                  true
management.metrics.mongo.connectionpool.enabled                           true
management.metrics.system.diskspace.paths                                 [.]
management.metrics.tags.*                                                 
management.metrics.use-global-registry                                    true
management.metrics.web.client.max-uri-tags                                100
management.metrics.web.client.request.autotime.enabled                    true
management.metrics.web.client.request.autotime.percentiles                
management.metrics.web.client.request.autotime.percentiles-histogram      false
management.metrics.web.client.request.metric-name                         http.client.requests
management.metrics.web.server.max-uri-tags                                100
management.metrics.web.server.request.autotime.enabled                    true
management.metrics.web.server.request.autotime.percentiles                
management.metrics.web.server.request.autotime.percentiles-histogram      false
management.metrics.web.server.request.ignore-trailing-slash               true
management.metrics.web.server.request.metric-name                         http.server.requests
management.server.add-application-context-header                          false
management.server.address                                                 
management.server.base-path                                               
management.server.port                                                    
management.server.ssl.certificate                                         
management.server.ssl.certificate-private-key                             
management.server.ssl.ciphers                                             
management.server.ssl.client-auth                                         
management.server.ssl.enabled                                             true
management.server.ssl.enabled-protocols                                   
management.server.ssl.key-alias                                           
management.server.ssl.key-password                                        
management.server.ssl.key-store                                           
management.server.ssl.key-store-password                                  
management.server.ssl.key-store-provider                                  
management.server.ssl.key-store-type                                      
management.server.ssl.protocol                                            TLS
management.server.ssl.trust-certificate                                   
management.server.ssl.trust-certificate-private-key                       
management.server.ssl.trust-store                                         
management.server.ssl.trust-store-password                                
management.server.ssl.trust-store-provider                                
management.server.ssl.trust-store-type                                    
management.trace.http.enabled                                             true
management.trace.http.include                                             [request-headers, response-headers, errors]
```

## 

```
spring.devtools.add-properties                                            true
spring.devtools.livereload.enabled                                        true
spring.devtools.livereload.port                                           35729
spring.devtools.remote.context-path                                       /.~~spring-boot!~
spring.devtools.remote.proxy.host                                         
spring.devtools.remote.proxy.port                                         
spring.devtools.remote.restart.enabled                                    true
spring.devtools.remote.secret                                             
spring.devtools.remote.secret-header-name                                 X-AUTH-TOKEN
spring.devtools.restart.additional-exclude                                
spring.devtools.restart.additional-paths                                  
spring.devtools.restart.enabled                                           true
spring.devtools.restart.exclude                                           META-INF/maven/**,META-INF/resources/**,resources/**,static/**,public/**,templates/**,**/*Test.class,**/*Tests.class,git.properties,META-INF/build-info.properties
spring.devtools.restart.log-condition-evaluation-delta                    true
spring.devtools.restart.poll-interval                                     1s
spring.devtools.restart.quiet-period                                      400ms
spring.devtools.restart.trigger-file                                      
```

## 

```
spring.test.database.replace                                              any
spring.test.mockmvc.print                                                 default
```
















































